Factory Intelligent Network Service (FINS)
==========================================

Interfaces
----------

asynOctet
r	FINS_MODEL		20 character string of module model number
w	FINS_CYCLE_TIME_RESET	Reset PLC cycle time calculations
		
Int32
r	FINS_DM_READ		16 bit Data Memory read
r	FINS_AR_READ		16 bit Auxiliary Memory read
r	FINS_IO_READ		16 bit I/O Area read
r	FINS_DM_READ_32		32 bit Data Memory read
r	FINS_AR_READ_32		32 bit Auxillary Memory read
r	FINS_IO_READ_32		32 bit I/O Area read
r	FINS_CYCLE_TIME_MEAN	PLC mean cycle time (ms)
r	FINS_CYCLE_TIME_MAX	PLC max cycle time (ms)
r	FINS_CYCLE_TIME_MIN	PLC min cycle time (ms)
r	FINS_CPU_STATUS
r	FINS_CPU_MODE		PLC mode (STOP, PROGRAM, MONITOR)
w	FINS_DM_WRITE		16 bit Data Memory write
w	FINS_DM_WRITE_NOREAD	As above without a read
w	FINS_AR_WRITE		16 bit Auxillary Memory write
w	FINS_AR_WRITE_NOREAD	As above without a read
w	FINS_IO_WRITE		16 bit I/O Area write
w	FINS_IO_WRITE_NOREAD	As above without a read
w	FINS_CYCLE_TIME_RESET	Reset PLC cycle time calculations
w	FINS_DM_WRITE_32	32 bit Data Memory write
w	FINS_DM_WRITE_32_NOREAD	As above without a read
w	FINS_AR_WRITE_32	32 bit Auxillary Memory write
w	FINS_AR_WRITE_32_NOREAD	As above without a read
w	FINS_IO_WRITE_32	32 bit I/O Area write
w	FINS_IO_WRITE_32_NOREAD	As above without a read
		
Int16Array
r	FINS_DM_READ		16 bit array Data Memory read
r	FINS_AR_READ		16 bit array Auxillary Memory read
r	FINS_IO_READ		16 bit array I/O Area read
r	FINS_CLOCK_READ		PLC clock/date read (7 * SHORT)
w	FINS_DM_WRITE		16 bit array Data Memory write	
w	FINS_AR_WRITE		16 bit array Auxillary Memory write
w	FINS_IO_WRITE		16 bit array I/O Area write
	
Int32Array
r	FINS_DM_READ_32		32 bit array Data Memory read
r	FINS_AR_READ_32		32 bit array Auxillary Memory read
r	FINS_IO_READ_32		32 bit array I/O Area read
r	FINS_CYCLE_TIME		PLC cycle time read (3 * LONG)
w	FINS_DM_WRITE_32	32 bit array Data Memory write
w	FINS_AR_WRITE_32	32 bit array Auxillary Memory write
w	FINS_IO_WRITE_32	32 bit array I/O Area write
		
Float32Array
r	FINS_DM_READ_32		32 bit float Data Memory read
r	FINS_AR_READ_32		32 bit float Auxillary Memory read
r	FINS_IO_READ_32		32 bit float I/O Area read
w	FINS_DM_WRITE_32	32 bit float Data Memory write
w	FINS_AR_WRITE_32	32 bit float Auxillary Memory write
w	FINS_IO_WRITE_32	32 bit float I/O Area write

The _NOREAD versions of the WRITE functions do not perform an initial read from the device
during record initialisation. Performing the inital read is asyn's method of bumpless restarts.

Initialisation
--------------

finsUDPInit(portName, <PLC's IP address>)

Usage
-----

* The EPICS IOC's node address is set to 254.

* Transfers are limited to 500 16-bit words (1000 bytes) maximum.

* PLC's FINS UDP port must be 9600.

* The default timeout, the third parameter of the @asyn() command, is currently one second.

* A funtion finsTest("<ip address>") sends a FINS data memory read request for two words from
  address 100 to the specified IP address.

Examples
--------

FINS.template illustrates how to configure records.
